branching strategy
    GitFlow
    GitHub Flow
    Trunk-based development
    Release branching
    Feature branching

Explain GitFlow branching strategy.
Branches:
main (production)
develop
feature
release
hotfix
Used in enterprise projects.

What is the difference between git merge and git rebase?
Merge	                        Rebase
Creates a merge commit	    Moves commits on top of another branch
Preserves history	        Rewrites history
Safe	                    Cleaner history


What is the difference between Git and GitHub?
Git	                            GitHub
Version control system	    Cloud hosting service for Git repos
Local operations	        Collaboration, PRs, CI/CD
CLI tool	                Web platform

See commit history - git log
How do you undo the last commit but keep changes - git reset --soft HEAD~1

What is git cherry-pick? 
    It copies a specific commit from one branch to another:
    git cherry-pick <commit_id>

What is the difference between git reset and git revert?
Reset	                        Revert
Rewrites history	        Keeps history
Dangerous in shared repos	Safe
Deletes commits	            Adds new commit

Git LFS  = Git Large File Storage — used to store large files like videos, models, datasets.


You want to apply only 1 commit from a different branch. What do you use?
git cherry-pick <commit-id>

You pushed a wrong commit to main. How do you undo it?
git revert <commit_id>
git push

You deleted a branch accidentally. How do you recover it?
git reflog
git checkout -b branchname <commit_id>

You merged wrong branch into main. How do you undo?
git revert -m 1 <merge_commit_id>

git pull and git fetch diff - 
git fetch
    Downloads changes to local repository (remote-tracking branches)
    Working Directory Not modified
    Merge Conflicts - No, as no merge occurs
    Control - Provides more control, allowing review before merging
    Use git fetch when you want to see what changes are available on the remote without altering your current work, allowing for a review before merging.

git pull
    Downloads changes and merges them into current branch
    Working Directory Modified (merged)
    Merge Conflicts - Possible, if conflicting changes exist
    Control - Less control, as changes are merged immediately
    Use git pull when you are confident that you want to integrate the latest changes from the remote directly into your current branch and are prepared to handle potential merge conflicts.



